hi everybody it's me crafty this video
is going to be just a little demo on how
to make holy water and it's important
when you gather your your ingredients
and everything that you're going to be
using that you cleanse it of all
previous energies and that you you know
charge it for for your own tent but just
because we're you know running on a 10
minute timeline here I'm going to kinda
just jump to the chase but yeah you with
cleanse your water your salt your rose
water the vessel you're going to be
storing your holy water in you would
collect some of all previous energies
you would then you know empower them
charge them for the intention of trading
holy water so what I'm just going to
show you how I make it normally I make
it in the ratio of 1 cup of water I
prefer to use full moon water or I will
use distilled water if I have nothing
else I'll use tap water so use what you
got 1 teaspoon of sea salt when making
holy water I prefer using the fine
ground sea salt if not if all you have
are like is the coracii salt I would
recommend grinding it up as your mortar
and pestle just so that it's a lot finer
and easier to dissolve when you're
making your home water and this is rose
water
and again you would cleanse it of all
previous energies and power it with your
intention of creating holy water so but
because I'm making a smaller version
we're just kind of going to scale it
down a bit so what I would do is I would
take my full moon water or whatever
water I have on hand and this is after
you you know you cleanse everything and
you charge it and all this stuff okay I
just don't have the time to do it on
here but I'm just going to show you how
to make a little simplified version so I
fill it up about you know maybe
two-thirds of the way
and again you know like visualize when
your eclairs ended of all previous
negative energies and whatnot you know
visualize it being you know encompassed
and surrounded and penetrated by a white
light and all negativity you know
dissipating from it and whatnot
so say you've already done that you've
already created your jar and cleanse
your jar and pour the water into your
jar then I would add again like a
teaspoon of sea salt but we're scaling
this down so I'm just going to run three
pinches okay
three
and then I would add a teaspoon of
rosewater but we're scaling it down so
I'm just going to add maybe about half a
capful to that
I would then empower this holy water
dedicated to the gods asked divinity to
bless it and then power it with its
energy and you know to the Stoics
blessings upon the water and then it
would be ready for use so that's pretty
much how you make it
label and date it so you know what it is
and when you made it and what not it's
really very simple
it normally obviously takes longer than
just a couple minutes I've what I've
shown on here because I mean you gotta
bless and consecrate everything you got
to make sure you cleanse everything
ahead of time of all previous on
negativity and whatnot and including the
the container that you store your your
holy water and of course the the ritual
to be a little bit more elaborate than
that but I'm just trying to show you a
clover in here in the time that we
thought so hope that helps some people
don't use the rose water they just stick
with the salt and the regular water and
that's fine I always go in a little bit
of rose water so that's just my
preference experiment find out what
works for you and take it from there
so that that's pretty much it some
people well then once they make it they
might leave it on their altar to the
power for a while and you know just to
let it they have steep if you will and
yeah but it's really important of course
to you know invoke divinity and ask the
identity to bless it and to charge it
with its energy and with its protection
and that type of thing so there you go
and I'm a strong believer and choosing
your own words you know
I've always said I'll never ever tell
anybody how to pray or you know that
type of thing I think that's when the
onus is on you to find what words work
for you and yeah so that's pretty much
it it's pretty simple it does take more
time than this like I said before I like
making this drink full moons and it's
not a full moon yet either so but you
can make it really anytime and you could
use it as you would for any form of
protection you know you could sprinkle
it around your home you can put it on
the back of a spirit board you can use
it for anointing you could use it to
wash your screen or if you wanted to you
know you could add it to your bath water
there's all different kinds of things we
could do with it and if you really
wanted to you can even drink a little
bit of it I mean the the rose water
itself this brand is actually a drink
and it's made with the still water and
roses so they sell this in Lebanon as a
type of almost like a pop you know like
a soda pop or something it's not
carbonated at all or anything but it's a
type of drink over there but I like
using that brand so there you have it do
any further questions feel free to ask
chopped